[metricbeat] Remove deprecated `system.hostfs` setting (#52238)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/module/system/process/_meta/docs.md

The process metricset supports both V1 and V2 (sometimes called unfied) cgroups controllers. However, on systems that are running a hybrid hierarchy, with both V1 and V2 controllers, metricbeat will only report one of the hierarchies for a given process. Is a process has both V1 and V2 hierarchies associated with it, metricbeat will check to see if the process is attached to any V2 controllers. If it is, it will report cgroups V2 metrics. If not, it will report V1 metrics.

> A workaround is also required if metricbeat is running inside docker on a hybrid system. Within docker, metricbeat won’t be able to see any V2 cgroups components. If you wish to monitor cgroups V2 from within docker on a hybrid system, you must mount the unified sysfs hierarchy (usually `/sys/fs/cgroups/unified`) inside the container, and then use `hostfs` to specify the filesystem root within the container.

Reviewer: same as https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/52238/changes#r3658978222

> A workaround is also required if metricbeat is running inside docker on a hybrid system. Within docker, metricbeat won’t be able to see any V2 cgroups components. If you wish to monitor cgroups V2 from within docker on a hybrid system, you must mount the unified sysfs hierarchy (usually `/sys/fs/cgroups/unified`) inside the container, and then use `hostfs` to specify the filesystem root within the container. The legacy `system.hostfs` setting is no longer accepted starting in 9.6.0; use the module-level `hostfs` setting instead.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we coud make use of the `applies_to` to call this out wihtout mentioning a specific version in plain text (it will show as “Planned” until 9.6.0 is released).

```suggestion
A workaround is also required if metricbeat is running inside docker on a hybrid system. Within docker, metricbeat won’t be able to see any V2 cgroups components. If you wish to monitor cgroups V2 from within docker on a hybrid system, you must mount the unified sysfs hierarchy (usually `/sys/fs/cgroups/unified`) inside the container, and then use `hostfs` to specify the filesystem root within the container. 

{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.6.0` The legacy `system.hostfs` setting is no longer accepted. Use the module-level `hostfs` setting instead.
```
